so how old are you and what are you
doing right now you're getting your ears
pierced and you get pretty earrings in
your ears what do you call those you see
you said that you're the real earrings
right real earrings okay oh she's the
torture oh they do it the same time
that's why I came here to make sure this
morning
make sure they have we're trying to calm
her down and then do it again right
are you excited Jen vo excited to have
real earrings in your ear you can't take
them out for a while though right yes
sir these are men it's a long time a
long time you're gonna have the minute
when you're in Florida no maybe not
probably keep it though I would too
cheery okay just like a little I'm gonna
just stand here you look at mommy okay
did you bomb the moved us out of it or
you guys know a little bit so we're
gonna say hi to one and then we're both
ready for a Mexican okay just make sure
you don't move do you want to get are
you good yeah good
what a big your insurer you want to see
them you're like a princess oh it's
beautiful Jim vo it so hurt
no the alert no